Feature/23 feature request pin file loading (#24)
ynput/ayon-usd-resolver: Docs/Ayon_Docs/Admin_Docs.md

# Admin Docs

### General.

A few things to begin with.

1. The AyonUsd addon will setup the resolver via Ayon Server settings and in
   most cases this will be enough for Studio Deployment.
2. you can setup the resolver via Env variables like any other OpenUsd addon
   just in case you need some special Requirements.

### How to setup a Resolver

**The Env Variables**\
USD_ASSET_RESOLVER:

- This variable tells Usd what resolver to use and where to find it (this will
  not overwrite the default resolver as a fallback).

> TF_DEBUG:

Author: I changed the text to clarify that we deliver two debug variables with the resolver. I also linked Luca Shellers debugging section of the usd survival guide so that people can find all the other debug variables generally available on USD.

> TF_DEBUG:

Author: im gonna resolve this conversation (just for organisation) 
if you want more please request it on the GH Pages branch. 

PS: im a also gonna move the 2 docs files over to the GH pages branch and remove it from here to keep shrink down the PR.

# Admin Docs

### General

A few things to begin with.

1. The AyonUsd addon will setup the resolver via Ayon Server settings and in
   most cases this will be enough for Studio Deployment.
2. You can setup the resolver via environment variables like any other OpenUsd
   addon just in case you need some special Requirements.

### How to setup a Resolver

**The Env Variables**\
USD_ASSET_RESOLVER:

- This variable tells Usd what resolver to use and where to find it (this will
  not overwrite the default resolver as a fallback).

TF_DEBUG:

- This variable allows you to choose what Debug messages will be printed.

>   - the standars for the AYON Usd Resolver are `AYONUSDRESOLVER_RESOLVER`
>     `AYONUSDRESOLVER_RESOLVER_CONTEXT` they can be used to get more detailed
>     info's about the resolver operations. Its not advised to keep those on
>     outside of debugging as it will slow your production and drive your artists
>     crazy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - The standards for the AYON Usd Resolver are `AYONUSDRESOLVER_RESOLVER`
    `AYONUSDRESOLVER_RESOLVER_CONTEXT` they can be used to get more detailed
    information about the resolver's operations. It is not advised to have these enabled
    outside of debugging as it will be very verbose and may have a big impact 
    on performance.
```

  - If you want the resolver to be silent, then you can leave this value empty.

>   - there are more optional debug variables that exist in Usd outside of the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - There are more optional debug variables that exist in Usd outside of the
```
